New check `dict-init-mutate` (#7794)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/user_guide/checkers/extensions.rst

  Cyclomatic

.. _pylint.extensions.dict_init_mutate:

Dict-Init-Mutate checker
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This checker is provided by ``pylint.extensions.dict_init_mutate``.
Verbatim name of the checker is ``dict-init-mutate``.

Dict-Init-Mutate checker Messages
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
:dict-init-mutate (W3301): *Dictionary mutated immediately after initialization*

>   Dictionaries can be initialized with a single statementusing dictionary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Dictionaries can be initialized with a single statement using dictionary
```
